Lawrence reports that Peter's wife introduces himself to others.
Lawrence reports that Peter's wife introduces herself to others.
The female president reports that Ruth's brother introduces herself to others.
The female president reports that Ruth's brother introduces himself to others.
Ann reports that the male professor who trusts Ann teaches herself.
Ann reports that the male professor who trusts Ann teaches himself.
Anthony shows that Charlie's mother helps himself.
Anthony shows that Charlie's mother helps herself.
The lady shows that Helen's husband helps herself.
The lady shows that Helen's husband helps himself.
The king writes that Brian's daughter hides himself from the enemy.
The king writes that Brian's daughter hides herself from the enemy.
The daughter writes that Anna's brother hides herself from the enemy.
The daughter writes that Anna's brother hides himself from the enemy.
The king reports that William's mother tells himself the truth.
The king reports that William's mother tells herself the truth.
Sarah reports that Victoria's uncle tells herself the truth.
Sarah reports that Victoria's uncle tells himself the truth.
Sarah reports that the boy who tells Sarah the story helps herself.
Sarah reports that the boy who tells Sarah the story helps himself.
The king reports that the daughter who tells the king the story helps himself.
The king reports that the daughter who tells the king the story helps herself.
The male president learns that Jeff's wife trusts himself.
The male president learns that Jeff's wife trusts herself.
The female player learns that Mary's uncle trusts herself.
The female player learns that Mary's uncle trusts himself.
The female player learns that the man who trusts the female player hits herself.
The female player learns that the man who trusts the female player hits himself.
The male president learns that the princess who trusts the male president hits himself.
The male president learns that the princess who trusts the male president hits herself.
Louis hears that Alexander's sister enjoys himself in the park.
Louis hears that Alexander's sister enjoys herself in the park.
The lady hears that Maria's husband enjoys herself in the park.
The lady hears that Maria's husband enjoys himself in the park.
The lady hears that the male president who likes the lady introduces herself to others.
The lady hears that the male president who likes the lady introduces himself to others.
Louis hears that the mother who likes Louis introduces himself to others.
Louis hears that the mother who likes Louis introduces herself to others.
The princess believes that the male player who joins the princess enjoys herself in the park.
The princess believes that the male player who joins the princess enjoys himself in the park.
Ryan believes that the female professor who joins Ryan enjoys himself in the park.
Ryan believes that the female professor who joins Ryan enjoys herself in the park.
The brother writes that Thomas's sister supports himself.
The brother writes that Thomas's sister supports herself.
Elizabeth writes that Helen's brother supports herself.
Elizabeth writes that Helen's brother supports himself.
Elizabeth writes that the male player who supports Elizabeth hides herself from the enemy.
Elizabeth writes that the male player who supports Elizabeth hides himself from the enemy.
The brother writes that the female president who supports the brother hides himself from the enemy.
The brother writes that the female president who supports the brother hides herself from the enemy.
The boy feels that Tony's sister helps himself.
The boy feels that Tony's sister helps herself.
Mary feels that Kelly's son helps herself.
Mary feels that Kelly's son helps himself.
Alexander claims that Martin's mother attacks himself.
Alexander claims that Martin's mother attacks herself.
The female professor claims that Jane's husband attacks herself.
The female professor claims that Jane's husband attacks himself.
The female professor claims that the brother who attacks the female professor asks herself a question.
The female professor claims that the brother who attacks the female professor asks himself a question.
Alexander claims that the mother who attacks Alexander asks himself a question.
Alexander claims that the mother who attacks Alexander asks herself a question.
Maria explains that the male president who leads Maria introduces herself to others.
Maria explains that the male president who leads Maria introduces himself to others.
Anthony explains that the female player who leads Anthony introduces himself to others.
Anthony explains that the female player who leads Anthony introduces herself to others.
The brother explains that Martin's daughter enjoys himself in the park.
The brother explains that Martin's daughter enjoys herself in the park.
Ann explains that Helen's uncle enjoys herself in the park.
Ann explains that Helen's uncle enjoys himself in the park.
Ann explains that the male professor who likes Ann talks to herself.
Ann explains that the male professor who likes Ann talks to himself.
The brother explains that the daughter who likes the brother talks to himself.
The brother explains that the daughter who likes the brother talks to herself.
Nick says that Brian's daughter supports himself.
Nick says that Brian's daughter supports herself.
The daughter says that Helen's father supports herself.
The daughter says that Helen's father supports himself.
The daughter says that the man who calls the daughter hides herself from the enemy.
The daughter says that the man who calls the daughter hides himself from the enemy.
Nick says that the female president who calls Nick hides himself from the enemy.
Nick says that the female president who calls Nick hides herself from the enemy.
The male doctor feels that Dennis's sister asks himself a question.
The male doctor feels that Dennis's sister asks herself a question.
The princess feels that Helen's brother asks herself a question.
The princess feels that Helen's brother asks himself a question.
Fred says that Ben's daughter trains himself.
Fred says that Ben's daughter trains herself.
Ann says that Alice's son trains herself.
Ann says that Alice's son trains himself.
Ann says that the father who trains Ann supports herself.
Ann says that the father who trains Ann supports himself.
Fred says that the female professor who trains Fred supports himself.
Fred says that the female professor who trains Fred supports herself.
Jeff understands that Charles's sister loves himself.
Jeff understands that Charles's sister loves herself.
Kelly understands that Sarah's father loves herself.
Kelly understands that Sarah's father loves himself.
Kelly understands that the male professor who loves Kelly beats herself.
Kelly understands that the male professor who loves Kelly beats himself.
Jeff understands that the female doctor who loves Jeff beats himself.
Jeff understands that the female doctor who loves Jeff beats herself.
Lawrence learns that Bruce's sister tells himself the truth.
Lawrence learns that Bruce's sister tells herself the truth.
The girl learns that Victoria's husband tells herself the truth.
The girl learns that Victoria's husband tells himself the truth.
The girl learns that the male professor who tells the girl the news supports herself.
The girl learns that the male professor who tells the girl the news supports himself.
Lawrence learns that the woman who tells Lawrence the news supports himself.
Lawrence learns that the woman who tells Lawrence the news supports herself.
Thomas writes that Bruce's wife attacks himself.
Thomas writes that Bruce's wife attacks herself.
Anna writes that Helen's son attacks herself.
Anna writes that Helen's son attacks himself.
Anna writes that the man who attacks Anna talks to herself.
Anna writes that the man who attacks Anna talks to himself.
Thomas writes that the mother who attacks Thomas talks to himself.
Thomas writes that the mother who attacks Thomas talks to herself.
Alexander sees that Dennis's mother saves himself.
Alexander sees that Dennis's mother saves herself.
The princess sees that Maria's uncle saves herself.
The princess sees that Maria's uncle saves himself.
The princess sees that the boy who serves the princess introduces herself to others.
The princess sees that the boy who serves the princess introduces himself to others.
Alexander sees that the female professor who serves Alexander introduces himself to others.
Alexander sees that the female professor who serves Alexander introduces herself to others.
Alexander says that Ben's wife hides himself from the enemy.
Alexander says that Ben's wife hides herself from the enemy.
The lady says that Elizabeth's father hides herself from the enemy.
The lady says that Elizabeth's father hides himself from the enemy.
The lady says that the male president who invites the lady attacks herself.
The lady says that the male president who invites the lady attacks himself.
Alexander says that the princess who invites Alexander attacks himself.
Alexander says that the princess who invites Alexander attacks herself.
Anthony feels that Bill's wife sees himself reflected in the glass.
Anthony feels that Bill's wife sees herself reflected in the glass.
Elizabeth feels that Jane's husband sees herself reflected in the glass.
Elizabeth feels that Jane's husband sees himself reflected in the glass.
Elizabeth feels that the father who sees Elizabeth protects herself.
Elizabeth feels that the father who sees Elizabeth protects himself.
Anthony feels that the female professor who sees Anthony protects himself.
Anthony feels that the female professor who sees Anthony protects herself.
Ben thinks that William's daughter watches himself in the video.
Ben thinks that William's daughter watches herself in the video.
Elizabeth thinks that Elizabeth's brother watches herself in the video.
Elizabeth thinks that Elizabeth's brother watches himself in the video.
Elizabeth thinks that the king who watches Elizabeth introduces herself to others.
Elizabeth thinks that the king who watches Elizabeth introduces himself to others.
Ben thinks that the female professor who watches Ben introduces himself to others.
Ben thinks that the female professor who watches Ben introduces herself to others.
Ben learns that James's mother trusts himself.
Ben learns that James's mother trusts herself.
Elizabeth learns that Ruth's husband trusts herself.
Elizabeth learns that Ruth's husband trusts himself.
Sarah reports that the king who meets Sarah hides herself from the enemy.
Sarah reports that the king who meets Sarah hides himself from the enemy.
Louis reports that the female doctor who meets Louis hides himself from the enemy.
Louis reports that the female doctor who meets Louis hides herself from the enemy.
Thomas claims that Charles's mother blames himself.
Thomas claims that Charles's mother blames herself.
Kelly claims that Ann's husband blames herself.
Kelly claims that Ann's husband blames himself.
Kelly claims that the king who hits Kelly blames herself.
Kelly claims that the king who hits Kelly blames himself.
Thomas claims that the daughter who hits Thomas blames himself.
Thomas claims that the daughter who hits Thomas blames herself.
Lawrence writes that Nick's daughter beats himself.
Lawrence writes that Nick's daughter beats herself.
The wife writes that Sarah's uncle beats herself.
The wife writes that Sarah's uncle beats himself.
The wife writes that the brother who likes the wife supports herself.
The wife writes that the brother who likes the wife supports himself.
Lawrence writes that the daughter who beats Lawrence supports himself.
Lawrence writes that the daughter who beats Lawrence supports herself.
Fred says that Roger's daughter introduces himself to others.
Fred says that Roger's daughter introduces herself to others.
The lady says that Jane's son introduces herself to others.
The lady says that Jane's son introduces himself to others.
John sees that Oliver's sister trains himself.
John sees that Oliver's sister trains herself.
The mother sees that Anna's father trains herself.
The mother sees that Anna's father trains himself.
The mother sees that the prince who trains the mother asks herself a question.
The mother sees that the prince who trains the mother asks himself a question.
John sees that the female player who trains John asks himself a question.
John sees that the female player who trains John asks herself a question.
Martin understands that Steve's mother enjoys himself in the park.
Martin understands that Steve's mother enjoys herself in the park.
The girl understands that Sarah's brother enjoys herself in the park.
The girl understands that Sarah's brother enjoys himself in the park.
The girl understands that the male player who likes the girl attacks herself.
The girl understands that the male player who likes the girl attacks himself.
Martin understands that the wife who likes Martin attacks himself.
Martin understands that the wife who likes Martin attacks herself.
John explains that Larry's mother sees himself reflected in the glass.
John explains that Larry's mother sees herself reflected in the glass.
The female doctor explains that Anna's husband sees herself reflected in the glass.
The female doctor explains that Anna's husband sees himself reflected in the glass.
The female doctor explains that the prince who sees the female doctor respects herself.
The female doctor explains that the prince who sees the female doctor respects himself.
John explains that the mother who sees John respects himself.
John explains that the mother who sees John respects herself.
James feels that Charlie's wife supports himself.
James feels that Charlie's wife supports herself.
The female doctor feels that Catherine's son supports herself.
The female doctor feels that Catherine's son supports himself.
The female doctor feels that the man who hurts the female doctor supports herself.
The female doctor feels that the man who hurts the female doctor supports himself.
James feels that the daughter who hurts James supports himself.
James feels that the daughter who hurts James supports herself.
Joe knows that Mike's mother tells himself the truth.
Joe knows that Mike's mother tells herself the truth.
Sarah knows that Helen's son tells herself the truth.
Sarah knows that Helen's son tells himself the truth.
Sarah knows that the male professor who tells Sarah the story introduces herself to others.
Sarah knows that the male professor who tells Sarah the story introduces himself to others.
Joe knows that the female professor who tells Joe the news introduces himself to others.
Joe knows that the female professor who tells Joe the news introduces herself to others.
James writes that Nick's sister sees himself reflected in the glass.
James writes that Nick's sister sees herself reflected in the glass.
Maria writes that Mary's husband sees herself reflected in the glass.
Maria writes that Mary's husband sees himself reflected in the glass.
Maria writes that the male professor who sees Maria talks to herself.
Maria writes that the male professor who sees Maria talks to himself.
James writes that the female player who sees James talks to himself.
James writes that the female player who sees James talks to herself.
Bill thinks that Mike's wife enjoys himself in the park.
Bill thinks that Mike's wife enjoys herself in the park.
Maria thinks that Ruth's son enjoys herself in the park.
Maria thinks that Ruth's son enjoys himself in the park.
Maria thinks that the male professor who likes Maria defends herself.
Maria thinks that the male professor who likes Maria defends himself.
Bill thinks that the female professor who likes Bill defends himself.
Bill thinks that the female professor who likes Bill defends herself.
Ryan reports that Nick's mother supports himself.
Ryan reports that Nick's mother supports herself.
Alice reports that Elizabeth's brother supports herself.
Alice reports that Elizabeth's brother supports himself.
Alice reports that the brother who calls Alice attacks herself.
Alice reports that the brother who calls Alice attacks himself.
Ryan reports that the wife who calls Ryan attacks himself.
Ryan reports that the wife who calls Ryan attacks herself.
Tim shows that Anthony's wife watches himself in the video.
Tim shows that Anthony's wife watches herself in the video.
Helen shows that Ann's father watches herself in the video.
Helen shows that Ann's father watches himself in the video.
Helen shows that the father who watches Helen hides herself from the enemy.
Helen shows that the father who watches Helen hides himself from the enemy.
Tim shows that the princess who watches Tim hides himself from the enemy.
Tim shows that the princess who watches Tim hides herself from the enemy.
Tim knows that Ben's daughter hits himself.
Tim knows that Ben's daughter hits herself.
Maria knows that Mary's father hits herself.
Maria knows that Mary's father hits himself.
Maria knows that the male professor who hits Maria tells herself the truth.
Maria knows that the male professor who hits Maria tells himself the truth.
Tim knows that the female professor who hits Tim tells himself the truth.
Tim knows that the female professor who hits Tim tells herself the truth.
Larry learns that Tim's mother introduces himself to others.
Larry learns that Tim's mother introduces herself to others.
The female doctor learns that Kelly's son introduces herself to others.
The female doctor learns that Kelly's son introduces himself to others.
The female doctor learns that the male professor who meets the female doctor respects herself.
The female doctor learns that the male professor who meets the female doctor respects himself.
Larry learns that the lady who meets Larry respects himself.
Larry learns that the lady who meets Larry respects herself.
Ben claims that Charlie's sister loves himself.
Ben claims that Charlie's sister loves herself.
The female president claims that Alice's brother loves herself.
The female president claims that Alice's brother loves himself.
Emma claims that the husband who loves Emma enjoys herself in the park.
Emma claims that the husband who loves Emma enjoys himself in the park.
Alexander hears that Mike's wife respects himself.
Alexander hears that Mike's wife respects herself.
The wife hears that Mary's brother respects herself.
The wife hears that Mary's brother respects himself.
The male professor believes that Nick's wife loves himself.
The male professor believes that Nick's wife loves herself.
Sarah believes that Jane's husband loves herself.
Sarah believes that Jane's husband loves himself.
Sarah believes that the father who loves Sarah supports herself.
Sarah believes that the father who loves Sarah supports himself.
The female professor believes that the husband who loves the female professor supports herself.
The female professor believes that the husband who loves the female professor supports himself.
Brian hears that Tony's mother supports himself.
Brian hears that Tony's mother supports herself.
Helen hears that Mary's uncle supports herself.
Helen hears that Mary's uncle supports himself.
Brian hears that the female player who hurts Brian tells himself the truth.
Brian hears that the female player who hurts Brian tells herself the truth.
Tony understands that Oliver's daughter asks himself a question.
Tony understands that Oliver's daughter asks herself a question.
The daughter understands that Anna's son asks herself a question.
The daughter understands that Anna's son asks himself a question.
The daughter understands that the king who asks the daughter saves herself.
The daughter understands that the king who asks the daughter saves himself.
Tony understands that the female player who asks Tony saves himself.
Tony understands that the female player who asks Tony saves herself.
Fred learns that James's wife introduces himself to others.
Fred learns that James's wife introduces herself to others.
The female president learns that Alice's brother introduces herself to others.
The female president learns that Alice's brother introduces himself to others.
The female president learns that the male player who meets the female president defends herself.
The female president learns that the male player who meets the female president defends himself.
Fred learns that the woman who meets Fred defends himself.
Fred learns that the woman who meets Fred defends herself.
Bill reports that William's wife enjoys himself in the park.
Bill reports that William's wife enjoys herself in the park.
Ann reports that Sarah's uncle enjoys herself in the park.
Ann reports that Sarah's uncle enjoys himself in the park.
Ann reports that the male president who likes Ann trusts herself.
Ann reports that the male president who likes Ann trusts himself.
Bill reports that the female doctor who likes Bill trusts himself.
Bill reports that the female doctor who likes Bill trusts herself.
Peter feels that Oliver's sister enjoys himself in the park.
Peter feels that Oliver's sister enjoys herself in the park.
Maria feels that Anna's husband enjoys herself in the park.
Maria feels that Anna's husband enjoys himself in the park.
Maria feels that the brother who likes Maria enjoys herself in the park.
Maria feels that the brother who likes Maria enjoys himself in the park.
Peter feels that the lady who likes Peter enjoys himself in the park.
Peter feels that the lady who likes Peter enjoys herself in the park.
Oliver explains that Martin's wife introduces himself to others.
Oliver explains that Martin's wife introduces herself to others.
The female professor explains that Jane's son introduces herself to others.
The female professor explains that Jane's son introduces himself to others.
The female professor explains that the king who visits the female professor supports herself.
The female professor explains that the king who visits the female professor supports himself.
Oliver explains that the female player who visits Oliver supports himself.
Oliver explains that the female player who visits Oliver supports herself.
The man hears that Thomas's daughter hides himself from the enemy.
The man hears that Thomas's daughter hides herself from the enemy.
Catherine hears that Maria's father hides herself from the enemy.
Catherine hears that Maria's father hides himself from the enemy.
Catherine hears that the boy who invites Catherine introduces herself to others.
Catherine hears that the boy who invites Catherine introduces himself to others.
The man hears that the woman who invites the man introduces himself to others.
The man hears that the woman who invites the man introduces herself to others.
Oliver understands that Tim's mother hits himself.
Oliver understands that Tim's mother hits herself.
The mother understands that Maria's father hits herself.
The mother understands that Maria's father hits himself.
The mother understands that the brother who hits the mother supports herself.
The mother understands that the brother who hits the mother supports himself.
Oliver understands that the female player who hits Oliver supports himself.
Oliver understands that the female player who hits Oliver supports herself.
Peter writes that Martin's mother protects himself.
Peter writes that Martin's mother protects herself.
Ruth writes that Helen's father protects herself.
Ruth writes that Helen's father protects himself.
Ruth writes that the man who joins Ruth saves herself.
Ruth writes that the man who joins Ruth saves himself.
Peter writes that the female doctor who joins Peter saves himself.
Peter writes that the female doctor who joins Peter saves herself.
The male doctor reports that Harry's wife defends himself.
The male doctor reports that Harry's wife defends herself.
The mother reports that Victoria's husband defends herself.
The mother reports that Victoria's husband defends himself.
The mother reports that the boy who follows the mother supports herself.
The mother reports that the boy who follows the mother supports himself.
Joe shows that Alexander's mother asks himself a question.
Joe shows that Alexander's mother asks herself a question.
The mother shows that Sarah's husband asks herself a question.
The mother shows that Sarah's husband asks himself a question.
Joe shows that the mother who asks Joe introduces himself to others.
Joe shows that the mother who asks Joe introduces herself to others.
Charles explains that Ryan's daughter watches himself in the video.
Charles explains that Ryan's daughter watches herself in the video.
Elizabeth explains that Catherine's son watches herself in the video.
Elizabeth explains that Catherine's son watches himself in the video.
Elizabeth explains that the boy who watches Elizabeth supports herself.
Elizabeth explains that the boy who watches Elizabeth supports himself.
Charles explains that the wife who watches Charles supports himself.
Charles explains that the wife who watches Charles supports herself.
The male player explains that Oliver's sister teaches himself.
The male player explains that Oliver's sister teaches herself.
The princess explains that Elizabeth's son teaches herself.
The princess explains that Elizabeth's son teaches himself.
The princess explains that the male doctor who teaches the princess protects herself.
The princess explains that the male doctor who teaches the princess protects himself.
The male player explains that the mother who teaches the male player protects himself.
The male player explains that the mother who teaches the male player protects herself.
Thomas feels that Harry's wife introduces himself to others.
Thomas feels that Harry's wife introduces herself to others.
Mary feels that Ruth's father introduces herself to others.
Mary feels that Ruth's father introduces himself to others.
Mary feels that the male player who meets Mary protects herself.
Mary feels that the male player who meets Mary protects himself.
Thomas feels that the wife who meets Thomas protects himself.
Thomas feels that the wife who meets Thomas protects herself.
Steve explains that Tim's wife introduces himself to others.
Steve explains that Tim's wife introduces herself to others.
The lady explains that Sarah's brother introduces herself to others.
The lady explains that Sarah's brother introduces himself to others.
The lady explains that the male doctor who visits the lady attacks herself.
The lady explains that the male doctor who visits the lady attacks himself.
Steve explains that the princess who visits Steve attacks himself.
Steve explains that the princess who visits Steve attacks herself.
Jeff shows that William's wife saves himself.
Jeff shows that William's wife saves herself.
The girl shows that Victoria's husband saves herself.
The girl shows that Victoria's husband saves himself.
The girl shows that the brother who saves the girl defends herself.
The girl shows that the brother who saves the girl defends himself.
Jeff shows that the female player who saves Jeff defends himself.
Jeff shows that the female player who saves Jeff defends herself.
Fred knows that Charles's wife defends himself.
Fred knows that Charles's wife defends herself.
The daughter knows that Ruth's brother defends herself.
The daughter knows that Ruth's brother defends himself.
Fred knows that the daughter who follows Fred respects himself.
Fred knows that the daughter who follows Fred respects herself.
The male doctor shows that Oliver's daughter hides himself from the enemy.
The male doctor shows that Oliver's daughter hides herself from the enemy.
Elizabeth shows that Helen's brother hides herself from the enemy.
Elizabeth shows that Helen's brother hides himself from the enemy.
Elizabeth shows that the prince who invites Elizabeth defends herself.
Elizabeth shows that the prince who invites Elizabeth defends himself.
The male doctor shows that the lady who invites the male doctor defends himself.
The male doctor shows that the lady who invites the male doctor defends herself.
The prince explains that William's sister attacks himself.
The prince explains that William's sister attacks herself.
The lady explains that Ann's father attacks herself.
The lady explains that Ann's father attacks himself.
The lady explains that the prince who attacks the lady sees herself reflected in the glass.
The lady explains that the prince who attacks the lady sees himself reflected in the glass.
The prince explains that the girl who attacks the prince sees himself reflected in the glass.
The prince explains that the girl who attacks the prince sees herself reflected in the glass.
The brother learns that Larry's wife saves himself.
The brother learns that Larry's wife saves herself.
The wife learns that Anna's father saves herself.
The wife learns that Anna's father saves himself.
The wife learns that the prince who saves the wife introduces herself to others.
The wife learns that the prince who saves the wife introduces himself to others.
The brother learns that the wife who saves the brother introduces himself to others.
The brother learns that the wife who saves the brother introduces herself to others.
The brother learns that Dennis's wife protects himself.
The brother learns that Dennis's wife protects herself.
The daughter learns that Ruth's father protects herself.
The daughter learns that Ruth's father protects himself.
The daughter learns that the king who joins the daughter helps herself.
The daughter learns that the king who joins the daughter helps himself.
The brother learns that the princess who joins the brother helps himself.
The brother learns that the princess who joins the brother helps herself.
Louis sees that Roger's daughter attacks himself.
Louis sees that Roger's daughter attacks herself.
The wife sees that Jane's brother attacks herself.
The wife sees that Jane's brother attacks himself.
Louis sees that the girl who attacks Louis supports himself.
Louis sees that the girl who attacks Louis supports herself.
Roger sees that Jeff's daughter teaches himself.
Roger sees that Jeff's daughter teaches herself.
Mary sees that Maria's brother teaches herself.
Mary sees that Maria's brother teaches himself.
Mary sees that the father who teaches Mary attacks herself.
Mary sees that the father who teaches Mary attacks himself.
Roger sees that the female professor who teaches Roger attacks himself.
Roger sees that the female professor who teaches Roger attacks herself.
Tony learns that Anthony's wife enjoys himself in the park.
Tony learns that Anthony's wife enjoys herself in the park.
The woman learns that Anna's uncle enjoys herself in the park.
The woman learns that Anna's uncle enjoys himself in the park.
Tony learns that the female player who likes Tony trains himself.
Tony learns that the female player who likes Tony trains herself.
Fred knows that Steve's daughter supports himself.
Fred knows that Steve's daughter supports herself.
Sarah knows that Mary's father supports herself.
Sarah knows that Mary's father supports himself.
Sarah knows that the boy who hurts Sarah talks to herself.
Sarah knows that the boy who hurts Sarah talks to himself.
Fred knows that the female president who hurts Fred talks to himself.
Fred knows that the female president who hurts Fred talks to herself.
Dennis understands that Oliver's sister enjoys himself in the park.
Dennis understands that Oliver's sister enjoys herself in the park.
Ruth understands that Ruth's brother enjoys herself in the park.
Ruth understands that Ruth's brother enjoys himself in the park.
Ruth understands that the male doctor who likes Ruth trusts herself.
Ruth understands that the male doctor who likes Ruth trusts himself.
Dennis understands that the princess who likes Dennis trusts himself.
Dennis understands that the princess who likes Dennis trusts herself.
The man writes that Bruce's mother beats himself.
The man writes that Bruce's mother beats herself.
The princess writes that Catherine's father beats herself.
The princess writes that Catherine's father beats himself.
The princess writes that the male professor who beats the princess asks herself a question.
The princess writes that the male professor who beats the princess asks himself a question.
The man writes that the wife who beats the man asks himself a question.
The man writes that the wife who beats the man asks herself a question.
The male player sees that Fred's sister defends himself.
The male player sees that Fred's sister defends herself.
The daughter sees that Victoria's brother defends herself.
The daughter sees that Victoria's brother defends himself.
The daughter sees that the prince who follows the daughter sees herself reflected in the glass.
The daughter sees that the prince who follows the daughter sees himself reflected in the glass.
Tony says that Jeff's daughter enjoys himself in the park.
Tony says that Jeff's daughter enjoys herself in the park.
The mother says that Ruth's husband enjoys herself in the park.
The mother says that Ruth's husband enjoys himself in the park.
Tony says that the female doctor who likes Tony beats himself.
Tony says that the female doctor who likes Tony beats herself.
James writes that Louis's daughter defends himself.
James writes that Louis's daughter defends herself.
The girl writes that Mary's husband defends herself.
The girl writes that Mary's husband defends himself.
The girl writes that the male president who leads the girl respects herself.
The girl writes that the male president who leads the girl respects himself.
James writes that the wife who leads James respects himself.
James writes that the wife who leads James respects herself.
Anthony reports that Tony's sister trains himself.
Anthony reports that Tony's sister trains herself.
Mary reports that Ann's father trains herself.
Mary reports that Ann's father trains himself.
Mary reports that the male player who trains Mary hides herself from the enemy.
Mary reports that the male player who trains Mary hides himself from the enemy.
Anthony reports that the daughter who trains Anthony hides himself from the enemy.
Anthony reports that the daughter who trains Anthony hides herself from the enemy.
Ryan reports that Nick's sister protects himself.
Ryan reports that Nick's sister protects herself.
The female player reports that Catherine's uncle protects herself.
The female player reports that Catherine's uncle protects himself.
The female player reports that the father who joins the female player defends herself.
The female player reports that the father who joins the female player defends himself.
Ryan reports that the princess who joins Ryan defends himself.
Ryan reports that the princess who joins Ryan defends herself.
Tony knows that Tim's mother helps himself.
Tony knows that Tim's mother helps herself.
Elizabeth knows that Elizabeth's brother helps herself.
Elizabeth knows that Elizabeth's brother helps himself.
Elizabeth knows that the king who helps Elizabeth talks to herself.
Elizabeth knows that the king who helps Elizabeth talks to himself.
Tony knows that the female doctor who helps Tony talks to himself.
Tony knows that the female doctor who helps Tony talks to herself.
Joe writes that Harry's mother supports himself.
Joe writes that Harry's mother supports herself.
The female president writes that Kelly's husband supports herself.
The female president writes that Kelly's husband supports himself.
Joe writes that the female doctor who hurts Joe sees himself reflected in the glass.
Joe writes that the female doctor who hurts Joe sees herself reflected in the glass.
The man explains that Joe's mother hides himself from the enemy.
The man explains that Joe's mother hides herself from the enemy.
The daughter explains that Sarah's brother hides herself from the enemy.
The daughter explains that Sarah's brother hides himself from the enemy.
The man explains that the daughter who invites the man helps himself.
The man explains that the daughter who invites the man helps herself.
Bill understands that Fred's daughter beats himself.
Bill understands that Fred's daughter beats herself.
The girl understands that Catherine's uncle beats herself.
The girl understands that Catherine's uncle beats himself.
The girl understands that the male professor who beats the girl saves herself.
The girl understands that the male professor who beats the girl saves himself.
Bill understands that the woman who beats Bill saves himself.
Bill understands that the woman who beats Bill saves herself.
The man reports that Fred's sister respects himself.
The man reports that Fred's sister respects herself.
The woman reports that Catherine's father respects herself.
The woman reports that Catherine's father respects himself.
The woman reports that the prince who finds the woman supports herself.
The woman reports that the prince who finds the woman supports himself.
The man reports that the princess who finds the man supports himself.
The man reports that the princess who finds the man supports herself.
Brian believes that Larry's mother defends himself.
Brian believes that Larry's mother defends herself.
Victoria believes that Alice's brother defends herself.
Victoria believes that Alice's brother defends himself.
Victoria believes that the boy who leads Victoria defends herself.
Victoria believes that the boy who leads Victoria defends himself.
Brian believes that the lady who leads Brian defends himself.
Brian believes that the lady who leads Brian defends herself.
Harry knows that Dennis's wife helps himself.
Harry knows that Dennis's wife helps herself.
Maria knows that Alice's uncle helps herself.
Maria knows that Alice's uncle helps himself.
Maria knows that the boy who calls Maria saves herself.
Maria knows that the boy who calls Maria saves himself.
Harry knows that the girl who calls Harry saves himself.
Harry knows that the girl who calls Harry saves herself.
Peter explains that Alexander's daughter defends himself.
Peter explains that Alexander's daughter defends herself.
The princess hears that Ruth's brother teaches herself.
The princess hears that Ruth's brother teaches himself.
The princess hears that the father who teaches the princess asks herself a question.
The princess hears that the father who teaches the princess asks himself a question.
Tony hears that the lady who teaches Tony asks himself a question.
Tony hears that the lady who teaches Tony asks herself a question.
Harry reports that Thomas's sister enjoys himself in the park.
Harry reports that Thomas's sister enjoys herself in the park.
Catherine reports that Elizabeth's husband enjoys herself in the park.
Catherine reports that Elizabeth's husband enjoys himself in the park.
Catherine reports that the male player who likes Catherine supports herself.
Catherine reports that the male player who likes Catherine supports himself.
Harry reports that the female professor who likes Harry supports himself.
Harry reports that the female professor who likes Harry supports herself.
Thomas explains that Jeff's wife enjoys himself in the park.
Thomas explains that Jeff's wife enjoys herself in the park.
The woman explains that Catherine's father enjoys herself in the park.
The woman explains that Catherine's father enjoys himself in the park.
Thomas explains that the princess who likes Thomas watches himself in the video.
Thomas explains that the princess who likes Thomas watches herself in the video.
Fred reports that Charlie's wife supports himself.
Fred reports that Charlie's wife supports herself.
Maria reports that Anna's brother supports herself.
Maria reports that Anna's brother supports himself.
Maria reports that the male doctor who supports Maria sees herself reflected in the glass.
Maria reports that the male doctor who supports Maria sees himself reflected in the glass.
Fred reports that the lady who supports Fred sees himself reflected in the glass.
Fred reports that the lady who supports Fred sees herself reflected in the glass.
The male professor thinks that Harry's wife trains himself.
The male professor thinks that Harry's wife trains herself.
The lady thinks that Ruth's brother trains herself.
The lady thinks that Ruth's brother trains himself.
The lady thinks that the prince who trains the lady enjoys herself in the park.
The lady thinks that the prince who trains the lady enjoys himself in the park.
The male professor thinks that the female player who trains the male professor enjoys himself in the park.
The male professor thinks that the female player who trains the male professor enjoys herself in the park.
John reports that Martin's mother saves himself.
John reports that Martin's mother saves herself.
Kelly reports that Victoria's brother saves herself.
Kelly reports that Victoria's brother saves himself.
Kelly reports that the male player who serves Kelly asks herself a question.
Kelly reports that the male player who serves Kelly asks himself a question.
John reports that the female professor who serves John asks himself a question.
John reports that the female professor who serves John asks herself a question.
John hears that Oliver's daughter respects himself.
John hears that Oliver's daughter respects herself.
The woman hears that Elizabeth's uncle respects herself.
The woman hears that Elizabeth's uncle respects himself.
John hears that the female doctor who understands John enjoys himself in the park.
John hears that the female doctor who understands John enjoys herself in the park.
Ryan says that Tim's sister talks to himself.
Ryan says that Tim's sister talks to herself.
Alice says that Anna's father talks to herself.
Alice says that Anna's father talks to himself.
Alice says that the king who believes Alice enjoys herself in the park.
Alice says that the king who believes Alice enjoys himself in the park.
Ryan says that the female doctor who believes Ryan enjoys himself in the park.
Ryan says that the female doctor who believes Ryan enjoys herself in the park.
Roger hears that James's wife hides himself from the enemy.
Roger hears that James's wife hides herself from the enemy.
The girl hears that Mary's uncle hides herself from the enemy.
The girl hears that Mary's uncle hides himself from the enemy.
The girl hears that the boy who invites the girl teaches herself.
The girl hears that the boy who invites the girl teaches himself.
Roger hears that the female player who invites Roger teaches himself.
Roger hears that the female player who invites Roger teaches herself.
The prince knows that Brian's daughter hides himself from the enemy.
The prince knows that Brian's daughter hides herself from the enemy.
The lady knows that Ruth's husband hides herself from the enemy.
The lady knows that Ruth's husband hides himself from the enemy.
The prince knows that the wife who invites the prince enjoys himself in the park.
The prince knows that the wife who invites the prince enjoys herself in the park.
The male player explains that John's sister beats himself.
The male player explains that John's sister beats herself.
The lady explains that Maria's husband beats herself.
The lady explains that Maria's husband beats himself.
The lady explains that the male player who beats the lady watches herself in the video.
The lady explains that the male player who beats the lady watches himself in the video.
The male player explains that the female doctor who beats the male player watches himself in the video.
The male player explains that the female doctor who beats the male player watches herself in the video.
James explains that Mike's mother supports himself.
James explains that Mike's mother supports herself.
Mary explains that Mary's son supports herself.
Mary explains that Mary's son supports himself.
Mary explains that the prince who hurts Mary respects herself.
Mary explains that the prince who hurts Mary respects himself.
James explains that the girl who hurts James respects himself.
James explains that the girl who hurts James respects herself.
Thomas thinks that Tony's wife saves himself.
Thomas thinks that Tony's wife saves herself.
Alice thinks that Sarah's son saves herself.
Alice thinks that Sarah's son saves himself.
Alice thinks that the brother who serves Alice helps herself.
Alice thinks that the brother who serves Alice helps himself.
Thomas thinks that the mother who serves Thomas helps himself.
Thomas thinks that the mother who serves Thomas helps herself.
Ben reports that Mike's daughter hits himself.
Ben reports that Mike's daughter hits herself.
Victoria reports that Elizabeth's son hits herself.
Victoria reports that Elizabeth's son hits himself.
Victoria reports that the prince who hits Victoria asks herself a question.
Victoria reports that the prince who hits Victoria asks himself a question.
Ben reports that the woman who hits Ben asks himself a question.
Ben reports that the woman who hits Ben asks herself a question.
The king learns that James's daughter saves himself.
The king learns that James's daughter saves herself.
Alice learns that Alice's uncle saves herself.
Alice learns that Alice's uncle saves himself.
The queen learns that the male president who saves the queen enjoys herself in the park.
The queen learns that the male president who saves the queen enjoys himself in the park.
Roger shows that Louis's wife sees himself reflected in the glass.
Roger shows that Louis's wife sees herself reflected in the glass.
Sarah shows that Anna's uncle sees herself reflected in the glass.
Sarah shows that Anna's uncle sees himself reflected in the glass.
Sarah shows that the prince who sees Sarah introduces herself to others.
Sarah shows that the prince who sees Sarah introduces himself to others.
Roger shows that the wife who sees Roger introduces himself to others.
Roger shows that the wife who sees Roger introduces herself to others.
Brian explains that Roger's daughter saves himself.
Brian explains that Roger's daughter saves herself.
Maria explains that Elizabeth's father saves herself.
Maria explains that Elizabeth's father saves himself.
Maria explains that the king who serves Maria asks herself a question.
Maria explains that the king who serves Maria asks himself a question.
Brian explains that the female professor who serves Brian asks himself a question.
Brian explains that the female professor who serves Brian asks herself a question.
Bill writes that Tim's mother watches himself in the video.
Bill writes that Tim's mother watches herself in the video.
Mary writes that Catherine's uncle watches herself in the video.
Mary writes that Catherine's uncle watches himself in the video.
Mary writes that the prince who watches Mary introduces herself to others.
Mary writes that the prince who watches Mary introduces himself to others.
Bill writes that the princess who watches Bill introduces himself to others.
Bill writes that the princess who watches Bill introduces herself to others.
James learns that Harry's daughter tells himself the truth.
James learns that Harry's daughter tells herself the truth.
Ann learns that Victoria's husband tells herself the truth.
Ann learns that Victoria's husband tells himself the truth.
Ann learns that the king who tells Ann the news defends herself.
Ann learns that the king who tells Ann the news defends himself.
James learns that the girl who tells James the news defends himself.
James learns that the girl who tells James the news defends herself.
Ben knows that Alexander's daughter watches himself in the video.
Ben knows that Alexander's daughter watches herself in the video.
Ruth knows that Catherine's brother watches herself in the video.
Ruth knows that Catherine's brother watches himself in the video.
Ruth knows that the male president who watches Ruth saves herself.
Ruth knows that the male president who watches Ruth saves himself.
Ben knows that the daughter who watches Ben saves himself.
Ben knows that the daughter who watches Ben saves herself.
The man knows that Dennis's mother tells himself the truth.
The man knows that Dennis's mother tells herself the truth.
Kelly knows that Ruth's son tells herself the truth.
Kelly knows that Ruth's son tells himself the truth.
Kelly knows that the brother who tells Kelly the news watches herself in the video.
Kelly knows that the brother who tells Kelly the news watches himself in the video.
The man knows that the girl who tells the man the news watches himself in the video.
The man knows that the girl who tells the man the news watches herself in the video.
Jeff understands that Nick's wife trains himself.
Jeff understands that Nick's wife trains herself.
The girl understands that Anna's son trains herself.
The girl understands that Anna's son trains himself.
The girl understands that the male president who trains the girl defends herself.
The girl understands that the male president who trains the girl defends himself.
Jeff understands that the lady who trains Jeff defends himself.
Jeff understands that the lady who trains Jeff defends herself.
Lawrence thinks that Alexander's wife supports himself.
Lawrence thinks that Alexander's wife supports herself.
Alice thinks that Ruth's father supports herself.
Alice thinks that Ruth's father supports himself.
Alice thinks that the father who supports Alice helps herself.
Alice thinks that the father who supports Alice helps himself.
Lawrence thinks that the female president who supports Lawrence helps himself.
Lawrence thinks that the female president who supports Lawrence helps herself.
The father understands that Anthony's mother watches himself in the video.
The father understands that Anthony's mother watches herself in the video.
Mary understands that Mary's brother watches herself in the video.
Mary understands that Mary's brother watches himself in the video.
Mary understands that the boy who watches Jane introduces herself to others.
Mary understands that the boy who watches Jane introduces himself to others.
The father understands that the lady who watches the father introduces himself to others.
The father understands that the lady who watches the father introduces herself to others.
Martin learns that Martin's sister talks to himself.
Martin learns that Martin's sister talks to herself.
The female player learns that Victoria's son talks to herself.
The female player learns that Victoria's son talks to himself.
The female player learns that the prince who believes the female player defends herself.
The female player learns that the prince who believes the female player defends himself.
Martin learns that the princess who believes Martin defends himself.
Martin learns that the princess who believes Martin defends herself.
James explains that Martin's sister talks to himself.
James explains that Martin's sister talks to herself.
The lady explains that Elizabeth's son talks to herself.
The lady explains that Elizabeth's son talks to himself.
The lady explains that the male doctor who believes the lady introduces herself to others.
The lady explains that the male doctor who believes the lady introduces himself to others.
James explains that the wife who believes James introduces himself to others.
James explains that the wife who believes James introduces herself to others.
Bill thinks that Alexander's wife enjoys himself in the park.
Bill thinks that Alexander's wife enjoys herself in the park.
The wife thinks that Alice's brother enjoys herself in the park.
The wife thinks that Alice's brother enjoys himself in the park.
The wife thinks that the boy who likes her daughter supports herself.
The wife thinks that the boy who likes her daughter supports himself.
Bill thinks that the wife who likes Bill supports himself.
Bill thinks that the wife who likes Bill supports herself.
Charlie understands that Martin's mother enjoys himself in the park.
Charlie understands that Martin's mother enjoys herself in the park.
Maria understands that Helen's father enjoys herself in the park.
Maria understands that Helen's father enjoys himself in the park.
Maria understands that the prince who likes Maria trusts herself.
Maria understands that the prince who likes Maria trusts himself.
Charlie understands that the lady who likes Charlie trusts himself.
Charlie understands that the lady who likes Charlie trusts herself.
Tim believes that Oliver's wife watches himself in the video.
Tim believes that Oliver's wife watches herself in the video.
The lady believes that Helen's son watches herself in the video.
The lady believes that Helen's son watches himself in the video.
The lady believes that the male president who watches the lady hides herself from the enemy.
The lady believes that the male president who watches the lady hides himself from the enemy.
Tim believes that the female player who watches Tim hides himself from the enemy.
Tim believes that the female player who watches Tim hides herself from the enemy.
The boy learns that Ben's wife sees himself reflected in the glass.
The boy learns that Ben's wife sees herself reflected in the glass.
The female president learns that Kelly's uncle sees herself reflected in the glass.
The female president learns that Kelly's uncle sees himself reflected in the glass.
The boy learns that the female president who sees the boy tells himself the truth.
The boy learns that the female president who sees the boy tells herself the truth.
Louis reports that Ryan's sister trusts himself.
Louis reports that Ryan's sister trusts herself.
The female player reports that Kelly's uncle trusts herself.
The female player reports that Kelly's uncle trusts himself.
The female player reports that the father who trusts the female player asks herself a question.
The female player reports that the father who trusts the female player asks himself a question.
Louis reports that the female doctor who trusts Louis asks himself a question.
Louis reports that the female doctor who trusts Louis asks herself a question.
Bruce thinks that Bill's wife hits himself.
Bruce thinks that Bill's wife hits herself.
The female president thinks that Alice's husband hits herself.
The female president thinks that Alice's husband hits himself.
The female president thinks that the prince who hits the female president teaches herself.
The female president thinks that the prince who hits the female president teaches himself.
Bruce thinks that the female doctor who hits Bruce teaches himself.
Bruce thinks that the female doctor who hits Bruce teaches herself.
The father reports that William's daughter introduces himself to others.
The father reports that William's daughter introduces herself to others.
Elizabeth reports that Catherine's husband introduces herself to others.
Elizabeth reports that Catherine's husband introduces himself to others.
Elizabeth reports that the male professor who trusts Elizabeth tells herself the truth.
Elizabeth reports that the male professor who trusts Elizabeth tells himself the truth.
The father reports that the princess who trusts the father tells himself the truth.
The father reports that the princess who trusts the father tells herself the truth.
Larry hears that Charles's mother saves himself.
Larry hears that Charles's mother saves herself.
Ann hears that Ruth's father saves herself.
Ann hears that Ruth's father saves himself.
Larry hears that the girl who serves Larry loves himself.
Larry hears that the girl who serves Larry loves herself.
The male professor sees that Louis's wife supports himself.
The male professor sees that Louis's wife supports herself.
The female professor sees that Sarah's husband supports herself.
The female professor sees that Sarah's husband supports himself.
The female professor sees that the male professor who hurts the female professor trusts herself.
The female professor sees that the male professor who hurts the female professor trusts himself.
The male professor sees that the female professor who hurts the male professor trusts himself.
The male professor sees that the female professor who hurts the male professor trusts herself.
Charles reports that Mike's sister saves himself.
Charles reports that Mike's sister saves herself.
The female player reports that Sarah's father saves herself.
The female player reports that Sarah's father saves himself.
The female player reports that the male professor who serves the female player talks to herself.
The female player reports that the male professor who serves the female player talks to himself.
Charles reports that the princess who serves Charles talks to himself.
Charles reports that the princess who serves Charles talks to herself.
William understands that Bill's wife enjoys himself in the park.
William understands that Bill's wife enjoys herself in the park.
Jane understands that Jane's son enjoys herself in the park.
Jane understands that Jane's son enjoys himself in the park.
Jane understands that the boy who likes Jane helps herself.
Jane understands that the boy who likes Jane helps himself.
William understands that the woman who likes William helps himself.
William understands that the woman who likes William helps herself.
The male professor learns that William's wife loves himself.
The male professor learns that William's wife loves herself.
Mary learns that Helen's uncle loves herself.
Mary learns that Helen's uncle loves himself.
The male professor learns that the wife who loves the male professor supports himself.
The male professor learns that the wife who loves the male professor supports herself.
Charles hears that Ryan's daughter talks to himself.
Charles hears that Ryan's daughter talks to herself.
The princess hears that Ann's son talks to herself.
The princess hears that Ann's son talks to himself.
The princess hears that the prince who believes the princess tells herself the truth.
The princess hears that the prince who believes the princess tells himself the truth.
Charles hears that the mother who believes Charles tells himself the truth.
Charles hears that the mother who believes Charles tells herself the truth.
John explains that Oliver's wife enjoys himself in the park.
John explains that Oliver's wife enjoys herself in the park.
The princess explains that Maria's uncle enjoys herself in the park.
The princess explains that Maria's uncle enjoys himself in the park.
The princess explains that the male player who likes the princess loves herself.
The princess explains that the male player who likes the princess loves himself.
John explains that the female president who likes John loves himself.
John explains that the female president who likes John loves herself.
The male president says that Peter's daughter hides himself from the enemy.
The male president says that Peter's daughter hides herself from the enemy.
The female professor says that Anna's husband hides herself from the enemy.
The female professor says that Anna's husband hides himself from the enemy.
The female professor says that the male player who invites the female professor enjoys herself in the park.
The female professor says that the male player who invites the female professor enjoys himself in the park.
The male president says that the mother who invites the male president enjoys himself in the park.
The male president says that the mother who invites the male president enjoys herself in the park.
Bruce feels that John's mother attacks himself.
Bruce feels that John's mother attacks herself.
The daughter feels that Maria's brother attacks herself.
The daughter feels that Maria's brother attacks himself.
Bruce feels that the female doctor who attacks Bruce introduces himself to others.
Bruce feels that the female doctor who attacks Bruce introduces herself to others.
Charles thinks that Bill's sister enjoys himself in the park.
Charles thinks that Bill's sister enjoys herself in the park.
The woman thinks that Mary's uncle enjoys herself in the park.
The woman thinks that Mary's uncle enjoys himself in the park.
Ann thinks that the boy who likes her introduces herself to others.
Ann thinks that the boy who likes her introduces himself to others.
Larry knows that Ryan's wife saves himself.
Larry knows that Ryan's wife saves herself.
The girl knows that Sarah's brother saves herself.
The girl knows that Sarah's brother saves himself.
The girl knows that the male player who saves the girl helps herself.
The girl knows that the male player who saves the girl helps himself.
Larry knows that the female president who saves Larry helps himself.
Larry knows that the female president who saves Larry helps herself.
The male president reports that Oliver's mother protects himself.
The male president reports that Oliver's mother protects herself.
Elizabeth reports that Mary's son protects herself.
Elizabeth reports that Mary's son protects himself.
Elizabeth reports that the male doctor who joins Elizabeth hits herself.
Elizabeth reports that the male doctor who joins Elizabeth hits himself.
The male president reports that the lady who joins the male president hits himself.
The male president reports that the lady who joins the male president hits herself.
Alice feels that Emma's father respects herself.
Alice feels that Emma's father respects himself.
Mary feels that Helen's son respects herself.
Mary feels that Helen's son respects himself.
Mary feels that the man who understands Mary introduces herself to others.
Mary feels that the man who understands Mary introduces himself to others.
Dennis feels that the female professor who understands Dennis introduces himself to others.
Dennis feels that the female professor who understands Dennis introduces herself to others.
Ryan knows that Alexander's daughter teaches himself.
Ryan knows that Alexander's daughter teaches herself.
Catherine knows that Catherine's son teaches herself.
Catherine knows that Catherine's son teaches himself.
Catherine knows that the father who teaches Catherine beats herself.
Catherine knows that the father who teaches Catherine beats himself.
Sarah knows that the man who teaches Sarah beats herself.
Sarah knows that the man who teaches Sarah beats himself.
Peter writes that John's wife helps himself.
Peter writes that John's wife helps herself.
Sarah writes that Victoria's husband helps herself.
Sarah writes that Victoria's husband helps himself.
Sarah writes that the boy who helps Sarah helps herself.
Sarah writes that the boy who helps Sarah helps himself.
Peter writes that the woman who helps Peter helps himself.
Peter writes that the woman who helps Peter helps herself.
Martin hears that Martin's mother defends himself.
Martin hears that Martin's mother defends herself.
Ruth hears that Helen's uncle defends herself.
Ruth hears that Helen's uncle defends himself.
Ruth hears that the male president who leads Ruth tells herself the truth.
Ruth hears that the male president who leads Ruth tells himself the truth.
Martin hears that the female doctor who leads Martin tells himself the truth.
Martin hears that the female doctor who leads Martin tells herself the truth.
Charlie hears that Jeff's daughter introduces himself to others.
Charlie hears that Jeff's daughter introduces herself to others.
Victoria hears that Alice's son introduces herself to others.
Victoria hears that Alice's son introduces himself to others.
Victoria hears that the boy who visits Victoria respects herself.
Victoria hears that the boy who visits Victoria respects himself.
Charlie hears that the princess who visits Charlie respects himself.
Charlie hears that the princess who visits Charlie respects herself.
Tim believes that Nick's wife asks himself a question.
Tim believes that Nick's wife asks herself a question.
The lady believes that Jane's father asks herself a question.
The lady believes that Jane's father asks himself a question.
The lady believes that the male professor who asks the lady helps herself.
The lady believes that the male professor who asks the lady helps himself.
Tim believes that the female professor who asks Tim helps himself.
Tim believes that the female professor who asks Tim helps herself.
Jeff knows that Brian's daughter attacks himself.
Jeff knows that Brian's daughter attacks herself.
Sarah knows that Elizabeth's uncle attacks herself.
Sarah knows that Elizabeth's uncle attacks himself.
Sarah knows that the king who attacks Sarah hits herself.
Sarah knows that the king who attacks Sarah hits himself.
Jeff knows that the girl who attacks Jeff hits himself.
Jeff knows that the girl who attacks Jeff hits herself.
Alexander feels that Mike's mother trusts himself.
Alexander feels that Mike's mother trusts herself.
Alice feels that Jane's son trusts herself.
Alice feels that Jane's son trusts himself.
Alice feels that the male doctor who trusts Alice attacks herself.
Alice feels that the male doctor who trusts Alice attacks himself.
Alexander feels that the female player who trusts Alexander attacks himself.
Alexander feels that the female player who trusts Alexander attacks herself.
Charles says that Ben's mother loves himself.
Charles says that Ben's mother loves herself.
Ann says that Alice's father loves herself.
Ann says that Alice's father loves himself.
Ann says that the male president who loves Ann helps herself.
Ann says that the male president who loves Ann helps himself.
Thomas believes that Dennis's daughter introduces himself to others.
Thomas believes that Dennis's daughter introduces herself to others.
The female president believes that Elizabeth's father introduces herself to others.
The female president believes that Elizabeth's father introduces himself to others.
The female president believes that the male professor who visits the female president supports herself.
The female president believes that the male professor who visits the female president supports himself.
Thomas believes that the princess who visits Thomas supports himself.
Thomas believes that the princess who visits Thomas supports herself.
The mother believes that Ann's husband asks herself a question.
The mother believes that Ann's husband asks himself a question.
The mother believes that Ann's husband introduces herself to others.
The mother believes that Ann's husband introduces himself to others.